[Hwayugi]
Timing and subtitles brought to you by The Monkey Minions @ Viki
[Episode 9]
How is this happening with that guy?
When the bell rang, he was there.
Soulmate?
Is he really my destined husband?
♪ Even if I try to forget ♪
♪ What you said won't leave my head ♪
♪ Your barbed words stabbed me ♪
♪ Those words are disturbing me all day long ♪
♪ You understand me. You know how much. ♪
♪ You know what. Tell me whatever you want. ♪
♪ Do you think what you can see is who I am? ♪
♪ Can you hear that? ♪
♪ If you get out of your space ♪
♪ and come to know how I spent my time, ♪
♪ you'll get to know ♪
♪ that I am in pain as well ♪
♪ Please stop saying and open up your eyes to hear me out ♪
♪ Even only for once ♪
♪ if you can be in my shoes, even for once, ♪
♪ would you be any different? ♪
♪ If you were me ♪
Can I trust this bell?
Is him being my soulmate true?
How could you pause all of a sudden?
I almost lost the evil spirit!
Ma Wang, stop playing the piano. It's all over.
Ma Wang, I told you to stop.
Ma Wang!
Ma Wang! Have you lost it?
You don't even play the piano! I told you to just play a CD.
It's been such a while since I played the piano! So I lost myself in playing.
You said it was your first time though?
Was it that obvious?
The time is up for the rental dress. Please take it off quickly.
Yes.
Why is it so poufy? It must be so uncomfortable.
Hey, Secretary Ma. How come you gave her a dress like that? No one wears that kind of style these days.
Sam Jang chose this dress.
I thought this was the prettiest.
If you put in air in your sleeve, you would fly away.
This style is from 30 years ago.
If you have a real wedding, I should choose your wedding dress.
It's so old-fashioned. It's hard to look at.
The trend these days is for the dress to be see-through and flowy.
Nobody wears this nowadays, this garbage.
Why are you guys like this?! She looks pretty, even in this garbage.
You're pretty, pretty. No matter what you wear, you're pretty.
This isn't even a real wedding. Whether I wear a who cares?
Since the wedding ceremony is over, we should go eat.
In a wedding ceremony, we should eat beef rib soup. Ma Wang, let's eat beef rib soup.
- I'm a bull. How dare you suggest to eat beef rib soup?
- Ah, what about beef stew?
- Forget it.
- Beef meat soup.
- That's also beef!
- Alright, alright!
- Then beef head soup! Decided!
- Eat it by yourself!
Let's go!
I reserved a local restaurant!
-Ah, what a rude nutjob! Seriously.
- But, beef head soup is good.
- Ah! Seriously!
What if it were a real wedding?
What are you doing?
Do you like that dress that much?
You want to get married?
No! What wedding? Whom would I even marry?
We already married twice!
Once today, and last time.
Last time?
How was that a wedding?
We could do it again. I like it.
Come quickly.
No. I'm not going to marry you.
I'm telling you to come quickly so we can go eat at the restaurant.
You can marry me again. No matter how many times you come to be my bride, I'll accept you.
Hurry up.
I must have gone crazy.
I feel like I can hear bells ringing.
Ma Wang, then is Sam Jang's suffering over?
Ah, she says that she's come to her senses.
Since I no longer have to worry about what will happen after the Geumganggo is taken off,
I don't have any expectations, and I feel at peace.
Since she has no expectations from that rascal, and she feels at peace,
that's why she picked that kind of dress to wear.
If she had dressed prettily, I would have been suspicious.
Even though she was dressed that way, the Great Sage said she was pretty.
That's because the Geumganggo created an unconditional love for that rascal.
"Love miniaturizes the world into that one person and love magnifies that person
to make the God. That's called love," Victor Hugo said.
For the Great Sage with the Geumganggo, Sam Jang was his whole universe and God.
Exactly. Did Victor Hugo wear the Geumganggo as well?
How did he know that so exactly?
He must have been in love.
Isn't that why you understand the love as well, Ma Wang?
Because you had a person who was your whole universe and God?
That woman who was my universe and God is probably living somewhere in this world.
This time around, what kind of painful fate must she be enduring?
Police
Pig, is this our first date?
Since our relationship has been exposed, you want to flirt with me in public, huh?
Octopus, we are breaking up here.
Pick any man you like here and you change to date with him.
If you need more energy to do so, I will help you with it.
Just come out of this body.
Why? You don't like this body?
I like it. I also have an interest in Alice's body.
Well, I could have dated her casually.
However, I have never had a scandal.
Are you scared your popularity with other women will drop?
No. I'm angry because you ruined a very precious opportunity.
An opportunity?
There's a girl whom I cherish as a little sister. There's a reason she needs to become very famous.
But you ruined her opportunity.
A girl you cherish?
The Zombie? Were you going to make a scandal with the Zombie?
Anyhow, I need to take care of your matter first.
Pick out a man.
I will find a much better man than that pig and obsess that man's body.
They'll be out soon.
I don't want to do this.
I think it would be good for our Oh Gong to stay out of it this time.
You have to be by my side.
Oh, they're coming out.
I'm here to pick them up in place of Han Byeol's father.
Yes, I was notified.
Hello, kids.
I heard Uncle Jonathan would come.
I'm going.
Oh, Ahjusshi Jonathan was supposed to come,
- but something came up, so Auntie Real Estate came instead.
- Yes.
This is uncle Oh Gong.
Who said I'm an uncle? I don't want to be called an uncle.
Don't call me uncle.
- Yes.
Noona, then what should I call him?
Secretary Son.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
Take care of the kids for an hour. I have to go to the bank.
Then can I temporarily seal the kids' lips for an hour?
- I dare you to.
- You will regret this.
It's possible that your company's only employee might resent you and quit.
Then I will be really sad.
Just one hour.
I'll be back soon.
I'll watch over you kids.
Don't ask me for anything.
I know that it's a bothersome task to watch someone else's kids.
We won't ask you for anything, Secretary Son.
Hey, what are you drawing?
Is that a cucumber?
It's a dinosaur.
How is that a dinosaur? It looks like a cucumber.
It's a herbivore dinosaur.
A brontosaurus.
It must be a cucumber that the herbivore brontosaurus is eating.
Let's redraw it.
What are you doing to draw again?
Please don't concern yourself about it, Secretary Son.
Is it a dinosaur again? Geez.
What kind of dinosaur is that?
A brontosaurus.
Again? Hey, the brontosaurus is the only dinosaur you know, right?
You don't know any others.
If you know any others, then tell me. Tell me, tell me!
Hey, little kid next to her.
The only dinosaur your Noona knows is this long cucumber like brontosaurus.
Right? Did they only teach you this one thing at your preschool?
You didn't study properly, huh?
Why are you crying?
Stop it. Don't cry.
I got it. I got it. I will show you a dinosaur. A dinosaur.
If I show you a dinosaur, you can't cry.
- Okay, look here.
- Wow!
Is that good?
They must be kids from the same preschool.
Let's go.
Where did they go?
Oh? What brings you to my house?
Hyungnim asked me to come and make some snacks for the kids.
Is that so?
Since I'm here, would it be alright to clean the refrigerator also?
I don't think I'll be able to sleep at night if I just left it.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
The Chairman of a company that manufactures refrigerators
Is cleaning my refrigerator?
Oh, Jeo Pal Gye.
I'm here as PK today.
Hyungnim Oh Gong asked me to sign autographs and sing a song for the kids.
I have to get to my Singapore concert, but I'm late.
I'm going then.
PK came to my house to sing a song?
- Bu Ja, you came as well.
- Yes.
Son Oh Gong asked me to come and draw with the kids.
Thank you.
But where is that punk?
I can't handle kids.
Why did they suddenly cry? They startled this Monkey.
We don't get along.
I am going to do somersault at home.
Han Byeol, we should go home.
I don't want to go. I'm not going home.
I don't want to go either.
We saw a brontosaurus,
and we saw the Chairman and PK also!
You were only watching TV all day long, huh?
I didn't see them on TV, they were real. We also saw an Unnie whose eyes pop out.
Kids, you should hurry home. Your mom must be waiting.
We're not going.
Uh oh, our Han Byeol needs to stop being stubborn and go home.
This real estate Auntie is really scary.
You're going to get in trouble. That's enough.
I want to marry Secretary Son and live here.
Han Byeol, you're supposed to marry your soulmate.
I want to do that.
No, you definitely can't do that.
Someone else is your soulmate.
You can't marry him. Never.
But why are you so scarily opposing marriage to a child?
I'm also against this marriage as her father.
Let's go, Han Byeol. Come here.
Let's go.
You can marry me again. No matter how many times you become my bride, I'll always accept you.
Soulmate. Could it be for real?
One of the death bells has disappeared.
I heard that the grandson of the peddler lost it.
By death bell, are you talking about the unlucky black bell?
Right. It lets you tell who is the worst fate for you in your life.
It would be dangerous if it fell into the hands of a human.
If we found it, we may get some points for it.
So you're going to ask Sam Jang to find those kinds of missing items as well?
Me? For something so trivial, I'll ask Secretary Ma to find it.
Don't make Sam Jang touch that unlucky thing.
I got it. Gosh.
Oppa, I'm hungry.
911 emergency rescue team. An emergency!
Be quiet!
An urgent patient.
I told you not to be noisy!
Run away to the room.
Father, I was wrong.
You won't listen to me?
- I told you to be quiet.
- Oppa. Oppa.
Oppa.
Oppa. Oppa.
A fierce tiger chased after a girl and her brother.
Both kids prayed for help.
At that moment,
a golden rope came down from the heavens.
It's a rope.
Two kids hold the rope and went up to the heaven.
Soo Jeong!
Lee Soo Jeong!
[The Sun and Moon]
Grin reapers say that the souls of kids are often disappearing recently.
I guess there must be an evil spirit that steals children's souls.
I thought so, too, and so I wanted to ask you to take care of it but... will you be all right with that?
Why wouldn't I be?
By any chance that you're worried that evil spirit might be Na Chal Nyeo, would you?
Na Chal Nyeo was also an evil spirit that ate up the souls of children, wasn't she?
She was already caught and is being punished for it, is she not?
I know that, of course. Fortunately, it's not Na Chal Nyeo.
But I'm simply concerned that this might unnecessarily remind you of that accident.
If you're that concerned about it, then when I catch the evil spirit,
be sure to give me a lot of points for it.
Bringing up Na Chal Nyeo really fires him up. Give me some more tea.
There is none left. I don't wish to give you any. Please leave.
What a faithful dog.
Even that infamous dog Patrasche (from Dog of Flanders) probably wasn't as loyal as her.
Jung Se Ra is still alive, lost her memory of the accident, and is currently living as a trainee for Lucifer Entertainment?
I'm sorry we didn't tell you earlier that she disappeared.
That's okay.
I'm sure you both must have been surprised when her body went missing.
In any case, what happened on that day was just mistaken then, wasn't it?
You've both worked hard. There won't be any reason for us to see each other in the future.
It's a relief.
He didn't ask us to give him back our payment. He is different because he's highly educated.
Something doesn't feel right. Let's hide first.
Make it so that I won't be able to see those two anymore.
- You know what I mean, right?
- Yes, sir. I'll take care of it.
She's totally safe and sound.
But she was dead for sure.
- Did I mistake her as dead because I had been drinking?
- What are you going to do about that girl?
I'm going to need to get another proper look at her.
Do you think that is your bed?
Why are you always coming in here and lying there?
This is much more comfortable than the veranda.
This bathtub wasn't made for you to relax here. Get out of there already.
I don't want to.
You don't want to?
Sure, stay right there. I'll just pour some hot water in for you.
Because you are mean like this, Sam Jang doesn't like you.
Who said she doesn't like me?
- I just know it.
- What would a zombie know?
I woke up with her blood. Elder Soo Boo Ri said I am connected to her.
Really?
So you just know how she feels?
Probably. Since we are connected.
Come here. Look at me straight.
When you look at me, what comes to your mind?
Son Oh Gong. You look handsome.
I know, but I don't want to know your opinion, but what Sam Jang thinks.
You... have no clue, do you?
- I'm sorry.
- That's fine. It can happen.
Sit there. Just stay there.
Which side was the hot water? I'm going to cook you up real good.
She likes you.
She likes you, Son Oh Gong.
I can tell just by looking at her.
Are you tricking me just because you don't want to be cooked?
If I turned into a steamed zombie, Unnie will be sad.
If Unnie's sad, then doesn't that make you sad as well?
You two are connected as well.
Even a zombie can learn how to brown-nose as it ages.
You're saved from being a steamed zombie.
Kindly turn off the lights when you leave.
[Viki Ver] E09 A Korean Odyssey (Hwayugi)
-= Ruo Xi =-
Take a shower on the second floor. The zombie is sleeping in the bathtub in lower bathroom.
I poured so much into that Energy Bathtub but it's turning into a coffin for a zombie.
Why on earth did you bring such a zombie when you can't handler her properly?
I clearly told you that you could burn her.
But you're the one that keeps raising her in that refrigerator!
How am I supposed to be able to burn a kid after I've started taking care of her?
You have neither a sense of responsibility nor compassion. Such a thug.
Why are you insulting me while acting like you're such a nice guy? If she's that much of a bother then you can just abandon her.
Unlike you, I don't abandon things just because they're a bother.
Oh, is that so? Then tell me again how a guy with such a strong sense of responsibility left Na Chal Nyeo to end up like that?
Ma Wang, I'll take the zombie out to play on the veranda. Take a bath.
Forget it.
I shouldn't have brought up Na Chal Nyeo.
Ma Wang, the most valuable liquor in my entire Sureumdong collection
...isn't this one, but it's still pretty valuable.
Because we were needlessly fighting over that zombie, Na Chal Nyeo came up.
Since it's come to this, should I just throw the zombie out?
Don't bother. Don't blame Bu Ja for this.
If you're that sorry, then work hard to get me points
so that I can quickly become a deity.
Right. You need to quickly become a deity so you can save Na Chal Nyeo.
She wasn't just Na Chal Nyeo, she used to be a deity.
I was the one that turned her into the monster Na Chal Nyeo.
Because she met me, her fate changed.
Yeah. Why would a deity date you anyway? Such bad luck.
There should be another woman with just as much bad luck as her though.
There's Sam Jang, whose fate changed after meeting you, isn't there? The reason human Jin Seon Mi became Sam Jang is your fault, no?
And so because of that I've got Geumganggo on me and am protecting her by her side, am I not?
Sam Jang said her wish was to become a normal person. She had to put a Geumgganggo on you and catch evil spirits with you.
Instead of becoming Sam Jang who can summon Son Oh Gong,
she wants to become a normal human who can get married and have kids.
But you made it impossible for her to ever be able to live like that by turning her into Sam Jang.
So, you don't need to laugh at me.
You, too, are a very bad guy. Reflect on it.
Geez, you can't even soothe yourself with alcohol since you are not allowed to drink.
Right?
A normal Jin Seon Mi?
Thank you for looking after my kids.
This is a meal certificate for a snack-bar.
I didn't buy it. I won it as a prize. I heard the foods are yummy there. Please help yourself.
No, thank you. Please take it to treat yourself and your family.
It's more hard work if we eat out.
On top of that, my kids only eat what I cook for tteokbokki (spicy rice cake).
I feel jealous.
Of my tteokbokki?
I envy people who enjoy normal family lives like you the most.
That's nothing.
You can also date someone and marry a guy after that. Why can you do that?
Living like that is very difficult for me.
Why can it be so hard? Why don't you ask a guy out to eat tteokbokki with you?
Should I try it? I am nervous about it.
I will call him and ask him. Where is my phone?
Wait a sec. Wait a sec.
Ah,
you don't need a phone to call him.
When did you come?
You cook tteokbokki for your kids?
Where were you calling before?
Nothing.
By any chance, you were calling someone else? It must be me, right?
You came?
Yeah. Just as he was about to call me to have tteokbokki with you, I came on time.
Then, will you go with me to eat tteokbokki?
Sure.
Okay. I'll get my coat and be right back.
Right. Right. I was about to call Jonathan.
I was. I was. What are you going to do?
Just because of that, you can't eyeball me like that?
What is there to be envious about?
- What?
- She just said she was envious that you could live an ordinary life.
Are you envious of my ordinary life as well?
No way. Not at all. Never.
Then you should let her go.
You can't make her happy, ever.
My tummy.
tteokbokki looks spicy. I should have ordered a mild one.
They said this one is the yummiest.
Let's try it first.
It feels weird that we're talking about tteokbokki instead of an evil spirit.
Isn't this what you wished to do? This is an ordinary thing to do.
You're right. I like it.
- You like this kind of things?
- Yes.
Then let's keep going like this.
It looks too spicy for me. Go and order me a mild one.
You brought this, saying this looked the yummiest.
I can exchange this for that mild one over there. But I won't do it because we're acting in an ordinary way.
You eat this up and bring me a new one.
Okay.
- Is it tasty?
- It is spicy.
Where are we going?
We don't have any destination. We are just taking a walk like others.
- So we just keep going like this?
- Exactly.
No, wait this is not normal.
Everyone walks like this. You should also not look in front, but on your phone.
♪ I couldn't feel right just because of your few words ♪
♪ I can't stop laughing even with your few words ♪
Everyone walks like this.
What are you looking at me for? You should look at your phone like a normal person.
♪ You became the world to me ♪
♪ Now you make my hand rest ♪
♪ I will always be next to you ♪
So, we ate together, took a stroll and I took you home.
Thank you.
In this situation, you need to make a decision. What situation are we in among the normal ones?
A friend would come in, play and leave. A family member would come in, eat and leave. A boyfriend would come in, sleep and leave.
Don't dare flirt with me.
Yes, I am flirting with you. But I got to be curious as I do it.
About what?
If we forget about our owner and slave thing with Geumganggo situation, what are we?
If you're not Sam Jang, you have no reason to call me, the Great Sage.
If your special ability disappears, I will be gone from your side. Will that be really okay with you?
Even if so, do you really want (to be a normal person)?
I'm leaving.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
If your special ability disappears, I will be gone from your side.
Will that be really okay with you?
Will she be really okay with me?
Can I ask you something?
It must be impossible for a human to have a demon as her soulmate, right?
- It makes no sense, right?
- Yes, it makes no sense.
- Couldn't there be at least one case?
- No.
I've never seen a human marry a demon and live happily ever after.
I heard that a human found a demon as her soulmate, though.
They are fated by Grandma Sam Sin (Godness who control birth and family).
Thats what I heard.
Where did you hear it?
I heard it from the grandson of the peddler. What did he call it, Love Bell?
It rang, he said.
Is that so? I guess Grandma Sam Sin made a mistake.
Even so, it can be a fate if it was decided to be that way, right?
There won't be a change, right?
Such fates can't be changed.
A fate or deadly-fate. Nothing can't be changed.
That's right. What a relief.
I am hungry.
A starved boy was so surprised to find a food in front of him.
It's a biscuit.
Kids followed the way the biscuits led.
Then, they found a house made of all sort of sweets before them.
Kids entered the house and
live happily without ever being starved again.
Hansel and Gretel
Another case.
Another child?
The same thing happened.
Why are we having this kind of accident in our town?
Police
That's what I am saying.
Is there any ghost coming out?
I don't know.
What did it actually happen?
What did it happen?
I heard that he's dead. I don't know why.
You will enjoy here.
That child I brought last time had escaped from the book.
Did he miss his dad? Is that why he escape?
I'll catch the evil spirit that's stealing childrens' souls.
I don't need any points, but just tell me one thing.
Is it about Na Chal Nyeo?
Just please let me know where and how she's living in this life time.
Even if you knew, Ma Wang, you still wouldn't be able to meddle into her life.
I know very well that I can't get involved. Of course.
So could you please at least just tell me whether or not she's been born again?
If you want to know about the life or death of a human, then quickly
become a deity.
This is tasty.
Please leave.
Such a faithful dog.
After moving my store location, you're my first customer.
Feel free to come have some.
I heard there's been an evil spirit capturing children's souls these days.
She could be in danger. I need to report it to the Great Sage.
Hold on! Hold on! Hold on!
Why? It's faster if we go through here.
This path is super scary. Let's through somewhere else. I'm going first.
We'll be late though.
This is where the wandering souls have gathered.
I've heard that children's souls have been disappearing from here lately too.
Let's go in.
Looks like all the wanderers in the neighborhood are here.
This is the child.
Child, do you perhaps know who the person that caught you is?
She's not speaking.
Hey! Do you like dinosaurs?
Do you want to see a Brontosaurus?
Your friend from the preschool grabbed a rope and left?
Yeah, my friend said so.
Just like in the fairy tale The Sun and Moon,
a rope fell from the sky and his sister grabbed hold of it and left.
There was an incident with one of the kids in our apartment complex. They fell off the veranda.
But that girl's older brother said he saw the whole situation.
He's young so I guessed he believed that something actually came out of a fairy tale book or something.
A fairy tale book?
Lucifer Entertainment
Son Oh Gong is searching for an evil spirit that's taking away the souls of children.
Alone?
He's trying to find it along with the Winter General. Thanks to your work, Sam Jang -
It seems Son Oh Gong is racking up points for me on his own accord.
I'm very sorry about that.
But why did you call for me?
There's a lost item that I would like it if you could find for me. It's an extremely dangerous item, you see.
You're making me do all sorts of thing.
After all, I do need to stack my points. Lots and lots! Quickly!
I didn't put the Geumganggo on Son Oh Gong just to rack up points for you though, Ma Wang.
Yes, I know. You put it on him so he wouldn't prey on you, of course.
Which is why I wanted to ask you this.
How about releasing Oh Gong from the Geumganggo?
- Excuse me?
- It's because I feel like there could be another fate
between us other than Geumganggo binding us as master and servant.
Just as you saw in the jar of ill omens,
the only thing binding you two is an unfortunate fate though Geumganggo.
There's also a possibility of a better fate for us.
That's definitely not possible. You two have an ill-fated connection.
How can you be so sure?
Because the one who changed your fate was Son Oh Gong.
You became Sam Jang as punishment for releasing him.
How could it be?
I have another piece of bad news for you, too.
You're going to be punished for letting this bad guy free. Most likely.
- What kind of punishment?
- Don't be too scared.
I wish for you to survive well.
I must get going
You became Sam Jang because of Son Oh Gong.
He knows this the best. So if you don't believe me
you can call him and make sure of it yourself.
Is it true?
Is that the truth, Son Oh Gong?
Was it true?
Yeah.
The reason that you're living such a 'special' life
Is because of me.
I see.
I guess me meeting you, really was just a huge calamity after all.
If you had never appeared in my life,
I wouldn't have become the Sam Jang.
I should never have met you.
♪ Don't worry ♪
♪ Please just go the way you were going ♪
♪ I'm fine. I'm used to seeing you leave ♪
♪ Here where I watch you going far away... ♪
Among all the energy beads I collected during my concert in Singapore,
these are the absolute best of them.
I secretly took them from Ma Wang so get right to eating them.
What happens if Ma Wang gets mad?
Geez, I can pocket this much since I am collecting all the energies for him for free anyway.
And plus you said your eyes keep rotting lately. You need to be able to see to get around.
Thank you.
- You're so sweet to me.
- Of course!
I even gave you your name, didn't I? I have been feeding you energy beads too.
Then does that make me Jeo Pal Gye's minion?
No, not a minion. Rather...
be my brother. A sibling.
Will you be alright to have a zombie sibling?
Hey, my bro. Your brother'll be right back
after my recording session so eat these and then go look around the broadcasting station.
If you go home after getting really lively from eating the energy beads
Ma Wang might get suspicious so...
Let's go and have fun! Do you have any place you want to go to?
Where should we go?
What are you doing here?
Hello.
I say hi because I recognize you this time.
We meet again.
I came here to attend a meeting for TV discussion. Do you have some business here?
I am just waiting for someone.
I also have to wait for someone here,
would it be alright if I sit here?
Please take a seat.
Son Oh Gong is searching for an evil spirit that's taking away children's souls.
I don't like Sam Jang or whatever.
I am the most pitiful person.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
The Little Match Girl
The hungry child lit the first match, and in front of him appeared many delicious foods.
The lonely child lit the second match, and in front of him appeared his family who he longed for most.
Soo Jeong
Take me with you.
Me, too. I want to go with you.
Soo Jeong
You can't do this. You can't go!
Looks like I'm going to have to change the fairy tale and abduct him.
It's dangerous here!
Get out here quick, and tell this man to come pick you up!
Quick!
Ahjussi will come and pick you up.
Okay?
Who are you?
I'm a bookseller that reads happy stories to children.
Then why did you steal those children's souls?
I didn't steal them.
I allowed those terribly unhappy children to live in happy fairy tales.
Where are all the children you took away?
The childrens' souls are trapped inside the books.
We'll have to open all the books to find the trapped children.
Where could the owner of this bookstore be?
In order to find the evil spirit, you should call Sam Jang.
She probably absolutely despising the fact that she's Sam Jang right now though...
I can recognize the souls of unhappy children with just one glance.
All of those children were desperately praying that I take them away.
All of the kids called me.
Don't lie. Who called you?
You know the answer, Seon Mi.
You used to call me, too.
I could recognize your extremely unhappy younger self at a single glance.
Just how much that child was lonely and unhappy,
you should know it well.
Shall I take that child away for you?
As long as that child is gone, then you won't have to struggle anymore.
I'll take away that child with such a special ability that made you unhappy.
Jin Seon Mi
This belongs to a ghost.
Can you really... take her away?
Of course. I came and chose a really fun fairy tale book.
Shall I read the book that's just for you?
Goodbye.
Excuse me. Excuse me, wake up! Hey!
Huh?
What's going on?
What is it?
I can't feel the Sam Jang's blood drop which has been wondering through my body.
Sam Jang... has disappeared.
Son Oh Gong.
Something is off.
What is wrong?
Someone called for me.
Sam Jang.
Something's extremely off.
You came.
What are you? Where is Sam Jang?
It's Sam Jang.
This woman is no longer Sam Jang.
Where is the one who called me?
I called you.
What? What are you supposed to be?
I'm the new owner of the Geumganggo.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
♪ The more I try to push you out, the more I think of you ♪
♪ Let me out ♪
♪ Why don't you let me go ♪
♪ You wanna hold me down ♪
♪ Go away, go away ♪
♪ I want to get away from you ♪
♪ I am getting closer as though I were drawn ♪
♪ Even while I know it ♪
[Hwayugi]
Did the owner of the Geumganggo become switched?
That bookseller is the new owner of Geumganggo?
Then, the person that Son Oh Gong loves now is...
Son Oh Gong.
It's not Jin Seon Mi
Son Oh Gong
It would be that bookseller.
There's only one person that owns this Geumganggo.
From now on, your heart is going to love me.
You're mine now.
Damn it. I can't resist it anymore.